If you observe output, the data is fixed.
That is, it is apple only.
Ideally it should be something like this.
The product card element should have attributes maybe like P name, price, p image and the product
status where user can pass the data.
Like here you can see that each product may have the product, name, price and image.
The component should receive it and behave accordingly.
Let's start implementing this.
I'll go to the HTML and we'll add the P name as an attribute where I'll just say Apple.
Now let me copy this P name and paste it for three more times with the individual products.
And let me change the text to orange grapes and of course, banana.
All right.
Though the values are passed from this place, but they are not actually appearing anywhere at the moment.
So let's go into the code.
Now, here in the edge tree, we don't need this apple and dollar 40 because that's where we want the
dynamic value.
The next step is to assign the value to attribute each tree so I can say this dot shadow root dot query
selector in the brackets.
Each three dot inner text is equal to this dot get attribute.
In the brackets, I'll say the attribute name.
Now we have given the P name as the attribute.
Now the moment I write P name, you can see in the output that the apple is getting displayed.
Not only that, if I scroll down, you see that the orange, the grapes and the banana, all the values
are getting displayed.
Now because in the output we had product price displayed together.
Either I can take separate element to show the price or can join the string.
I will just join the string here.
So with this get attribute p name, I will join the price as well.
But let me first of all, add the price to this product card.
Let me also indent this properly.
I'll bring p name on new line and we'll say price is equal to dollar 40.
Let me also add the price to other products as well.
Now let's go to product card DJs and here I want to join the price.
So let me copy this get attribute.
Now let me add a plus sign to join.
I'll add a comma in between, first of all, comma and space.
And again, I'll paste the P name and we'll change this to price.
And now you see that the product name and prices are also getting displayed as desired.
Now let me add the P image and the p status.
I'll say p img is equal to.
I'll keep it blank at the moment because I have the path which I will paste later on.
Let me add the P status as well.
Which will be not sold.
Now let me copy this p image and p status and paste it for the rest of the cards.
All right.
Now, let me bring the URLs for the images.
All right, so now I'm done with the URL pasting.
Now let's go to the product card JS and here I want to configure the attributes.
Okay, so now let me remove these Z from this place.
I'll simply say IMG, and that's what we are going to configure at runtime.
Let me also remove this paragraphs not sold.
Now I will say this start shadow root dot query selector img.
Dot HRC is equal to this dot.
Get attribute.
And the attribute which we have is the p img.
Now let's check the images.
You can see that the apple image, the orange grapes and banana image is getting displayed.
Now let's do the same for the status that is not sold.
I'll just copy this shadow route line.
Based it here.
Instead of IMG, we have the paragraph for the status and here I'll say in our text, and instead of
p img, I'll say P status.
Now the component is ready with the dynamic data using custom attributes.
Now we have custom component custom attributes.
The next is binding custom events that is dealing with events for your own component.
But before we understand the events, we need to know one more concept called life cycle matters.
And that's our next topic.